Add WCI WRANGLER_CI_OVERRIDE_NAME documentation (#19699)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/workers/ci-cd/builds/troubleshoot.mdx

This does not apply to [Wrangler Environments](/workers/wrangler/environments/) if the Worker name before the `-<env_name>` suffix matches the name in wrangler.toml.

For example, a Worker named `my-worker-staging` on the dashboard can be deployed from a repository that contains a wrangler.toml with the arguments `name = my-worker` and `[env.staging]` using the deploy command `npx wrangler deploy --env staging`.

> Additionally, on Wrangler versions greater than 3.xx, Workers Builds will automatically override the name to match the Worker it is connected to using the `WRANGLER_CI_OVERRIDE_NAME` environment variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On Wrangler v3 and up, Workers Builds automatically matches the name of the connected Worker by overriding it with the `WRANGLER_CI_OVERRIDE_NAME` environment variable.
```
